Hello! And thanks for downloading the Alpha version of Crackdtoothgrin's Data Driven Map (Vanilla-Compatible)!

If you are reading this, then you opted to play the default version of the mod, which is the original size of 5372 x 3584. If you load the game, and notice a "shadow" effect happening in the ocean, then your video memory cannot handle the size of this map, and you should instead download the smaller version of the mod that is optimized for weaker machines (like my own system).

That being said, this mod is in ALPHA stage, which means it is playable, but far from complete. Currently, the mod needs the following:

Completed positions.txt - This will be done through my own and community efforts to make the cites, unit locations, and ports match to their closest level of historical accuracy.
Updated adjacencies.csv - The vanilla adjacencies work just fine for now, but there will need to be tweaks to work out small differences in positioning between provinces.
Complete trees.bmp - The trees file is blank and black-filled for now. This will be created and included as time warrants.
Corrections - I strove to maintain the highest level of accuracy off of a bewildering number of sources and work that has spanned over six (6) years! This was originally conceived as a mod for CKI off of work by elvain (who is part of the HIP project with his work on SWMH mapping), and the community suggestions desiring a more accurate map. Taht being said, please feel free to contact me in the mod thread in order to point out inaccuracies or problems with playability.

AT THIS POINT I would like to mention that this mod is for the Vanilla-Compatible version. That means that there are no added or removed provinces, no changes to history, and very little difference to compare to the vanilla map that is current to patch 2.3.4 of the game. Any suggestions for future changes to the map, once I begin to make my "own" version, would be greatly appreciated in the mod thread.

Have fun playing, and feel free to shoot me criticism, suggestions, anything at all.

-Crackdtoothgrin

Forum Thread (You need to be registered through the Paradox Interactive Forums in order to view this)

https://forum.paradoxplaza.com/forum/index.php?threads/mod-crackdtoothgrins-data-driven-map.785210/

Installation:

Unpack and move the folder and .mod file to your Documents folder, inside Paradox Interactive/mod. Afterwards, you should see the file in the launcher when you start the game.

This is current with Patch 2.3.4 of the game.